we're in a community that that does not
have any protein so the University of
Dayton basketball is that the team in
town it's just a great great place to be
I think just the community atmosphere
that the campus has and I don't think
we've missed a beat in in the in the 46
years that I've been here I can look
around it in a different section and
pick out a face that has been a season
ticket holder for for years and years
and years it's been my life I wouldn't I
wouldn't change a thing the national
runner-up team was it was an exciting
team you know it was just one of those
Cinderella stories the the very first
game we played against Western Kentucky
and one of our guards Bobby Joe Cooper
hit a shot at the end he doesn't hit
that shot and you know our season's over
the 74 team we take UCLA to a triple
overtime game before losing to them and
then the 84 team you just have to go
back to watch Roosevelt Chapman and he
just put us on his shoulders and just
carried us all the way through just the
tradition of this building Dayton has
always been you know a basketball town
we were very fortunate over the years to
host first and second rounds and some
regionals and we we just completed a
hundred and five of them this year with
with the first four games that we
completed and yeah that's more than any
other building in the country you know
we're we're a blue-collar town and I
think there's a big comparison between
the blue-collar work that this team does
and the community itself I think we've
made a name for ourselves hopefully
starting with this year just continues
to grow and and we're back to that being
part of the elite basketball community
why not us we work as hard as any team
in the country we put in the hours they
have the talent you're gonna go through
tough times and you just got to learn
how to handle it our arch came to us and
he basically told us that hey when
you're in a fight nobody's gonna let you
up you have to fight to get back up
there's a type of place that's gonna be
there for you
13,000 every night regardless if you win
or lose you're back here against the
wall not once in the locker room did we
have the conversation of well let's
maybe get to the NIT more conversations
that we're gonna win out and we got
pretty close if it wasn't for st. Joe's
you know we fought back so hard in that
game at home and we lost just so
heartbreaking me on a bank shot buzzer
beater we do do our best when our backs
are against the wall and how we rise to
the occasion and after that game we
didn't feel broken we just felt like it
was our opportunity to really do
something special and show the world
what we're made of at this point it's
just an unbelievable experience and
growing up and dating I hear all the
stories about what it was like back when
they were playing in the pack it's
special to be able to say that maybe one
day they're gonna be talking about this
team and put throws with those regards
we're a group of guys that love each
other we love basketball and at the end
of the day we know that no matter what
happens no matter what ups and downs we
go through they were a true team with
our state to go